fix: Improve description of the image-download flag (#1660)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: docs/docs/cli-reference/run.md

1. The `--no-connect` flag can be used to disable user services port forwarding (default behavior is to forward the ports)

> 1. The `--image-download` flag can be used to determine what is the behavior to fetch images tagged as latest during the package deployment. Use `missing` to fetch the latest image only if no other version with the latest tag is available in local cache and use `always` to always fetch the latest image from remote repository (default behavior is `missing`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `--image-download` flag can be used to configure the download behavior for a given run. When set to `missing`, Kurtosis will only download the latest image tag if the image does not already exist locally (irrespective of the tag of the locally cached image). When set to `always`, Kurtosis will always check and download the latest image tag, even if the image exists locally.
```
